docs: add start_url references (#362)
onkernel/docs: auth/profiles.mdx

```
</CodeGroup>

## Override opening existing tabs in a new session

> Profiles can restore tabs saved in the profile. Pass `start_url` with the profile to clear those restored tabs and open a specific page when the new browser starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Profiles restore existing tabs saved in the profile. Pass `start_url` with the profile to clear those restored tabs and open a specific page when the new browser starts.
```
